Document lack of metadata deletion in deletion API (#8376)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/api.md

## Querying metadata

Prometheus offers a set of API endpoints to query metadata about series and their labels.

> NOTE: These API endpoints may return additional metadata for series outside of the selected time range, or for series whose samples have been deleted via the deletion API endpoint. The exact extent of additionally returned metadata is an implementation detail that may change in the future.

Reviewer: It's not additional metadata, it's additional series.  I'd shorten it to that it may return series for which there is not a sample  within the given time range.

Author: Ok, that may be worded a bit confusingly, although of course I meant it like you. I'll adopt something along those lines.

$ curl -X POST \
  -g 'http://localhost:9090/api/v1/admin/tsdb/delete_series?match[]=up&match[]=process_start_time_seconds{job="prometheus"}'
```

> NOTE: This endpoint deletes samples from series, but will not necessarily delete associated series metadata in every case (even after cleaning tombstones). Thus the series metadata API endpoints may still return metadata for series whose samples have been deleted for the selected time range. The exact extent of metadata deletion is an implementation detail that may change in the future.

Reviewer: This is not correct, it does not delete samples from series. It puts in tombstones.

What it does is make it so the samples are no longer returned, and I'd keep the explanation to just that.

Author: > This is not correct, it does not delete samples from series. It puts in tombstones.

This is a bit too much language lawyering for me. The description of the whole endpoint description starts with "DeleteSeries deletes data for a selection of series in a time range.". So if we don't want to use the word "delete" for this kind of logical deletion (tombstoning), then we also named the endpoint incorrectly and would need to adjust the other descriptions as well.

> What it does is make it so the samples are no longer returned, and I'd keep the explanation to just that.

Happy to clarify that first part, but I think it's still important to point out that metadata may still be returned, because that really goes counter to people's expectations.

> NOTE: This endpoint deletes samples from series, but will not necessarily delete associated series metadata in every case (even after cleaning tombstones). Thus the series metadata API endpoints may still return metadata for series whose samples have been deleted for the selected time range. The exact extent of metadata deletion is an implementation detail that may change in the future.

Reviewer 2: Some suggestions giving more details on the behavior
```suggestion
NOTE: This endpoint hides the deleted samples from queries via tombstones but will not necessarily hide associated series metadata in every case (even after cleaning tombstones, where only the samples are assured to be deleted). Thus the series metadata API endpoints may still return metadata for series whose samples have been deleted for the selected time range (series metadata is eventually deleted after some time). The exact extent of metadata deletion is an implementation detail that may change in the future.
```
